cooking news plans vegan easy hi
everyone its onion from cooking with
plants and today we're making no oil
potato hash browns so let's get started
first of all you're going to need a
large potato or depending on the
quantity that you make you may want more
this will make about four hashbrowns and
this is the size of my hand so it gives
you a gauge of how big this potato is so
I've peeled it and washed it dried it
with a tea towel and now I'm going to
grate it
okay so I've grated potato
now that the potato has been grated I'm
going to place it in the microwave for
one and a half minutes I have an 1100
watt microwave so depending on the
temperature and the power of your
microwave you may need to adjust that
setting but this is going in for one and
a half minutes ok so this is just coming
out of the microwave
it's just lightly cooked through and
before I add the rest of the mixture I'm
just going to start heating my nonstick
pan on
a low to medium heat I said to this
potato mixture I'm going to add two
tablespoons of brown rice flour
I have tried either flour just plain
wheat flour I find it it gets a little
bit heavy whereas the rice flour just
makes it crispy and a bit lighter
that's up to you whatever flour you have
on hand but my preference is brown rice
flour okay to that I'm going to add just
a little bit of white pepper just season
it to taste and about quarter of a
teaspoon a heaped teaspoon of Celtic sea
salt just the coarse variety is what
I've got today
could use whatever salt you like if you
have Himalayan salt that would be great
too okay I'm going to mix this with a
fork and just roughly mix all the
seasonings through and get the flour or
mixed in as well all right now I'm going
to roughly divide this into four
sections and keeping my four hash browns
if you want to you could also bake these
in the oven or even get them started in
the pan
and if you have an air fryer it would be
perfect for your air fryer as well so a
number of options on how to cook them
without oil
so to help shape these they will be a
little bit sticky I've just got a little
bit of water on hand just to wet my
fingers and help to shape them do any
shape that you like
Menma penny I'm just using a small pan
today and I'm cooking two of these at a
time but obviously if you want to make a
large batch probably the oven is a
better option for you and you'll want a
fairly high heat maybe around 400
degrees Fahrenheit around 200 degrees
Celsius and cook them for about 15
minutes then turn them over and do about
another 15 to 20 minutes depending on
the texture friskiness that you like for
the pan cooked version I like to cook
them for about 5 minutes on one side
flip them over and cook them for about
another 5 to 7 minutes so as you can see
these are super easy to make
no no pre-soaking of the potato no
screening the potato I just like really
simple easy recipe but don't take me
long to make it also enjoy so once your
hash browns are cooked all that left to
do is to eat them and enjoy so my son
likes to eat them with a bit of sauce or
the barbecue sauce or ketchup but I like
to eat them make sure just as they are
you're having these for lunch today and
I can't wait I love potatoes
hmm healthy hashbrowns how exciting yeah
probably not be making these for the
next five days running yes humming I
hope you make this recipe let me know
what you think I say a tasty please give
them a thumbs up if you liked them and
don't forget to subscribe for my next
recipes see you next time